WD-8569 - refresh service terms (#13579)
canonical/ubuntu.com: templates/legal/ubuntu-pro-service-terms/index.md

   6.  During the term of this Agreement, Canonical may request Customer's confirmation of its compliance with this Agreement or, if Canonical reasonably suspects that Customer is not in compliance with this Agreement, audit Customer's use of the Services to confirm compliance. If any audit reveals that Customer was not in compliance with the Agreement, Customer will immediately come into compliance. If Customer's confirmation or an audit reveals that additional fees are due, Customer will pay such fees and interest (at the rate applicable to past due amounts), within 30 days of the date of Canonical's invoice. If the additional fees exceed the fees originally invoiced for the period covered by the audit by 5%, Customer will reimburse Canonical for the costs of the audit.

>    7.  Canonical may charge interest on any past due payment amounts, plus any related collection and legal costs. Such interest will accrue at the annual rate of 2% above the base rate of the Bank of England in force from the due date until the date of payment, or the highest rate allowable by applicable law (if lower). Interest will accrue on a daily basis, whether before or after judgement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   7.  Canonical may charge interest of 6% per annum on any past due payment amounts, plus any related collection and legal costs. Interest will accrue on a daily basis, whether before or after judgement.
```
